Review cycle 3 - actions.md with nim command output (#3)
nancyhild/nmb-ow-doc: packages.md

You can use packages to bundle together a set of related actions and share them with others.

A package can include *actions* and *feeds*.

> - An action is a piece of functional code that runs on `nim`. Actions can be written in various source codes: JavaScript, Python, PHP, and so on. For details about actions, see the document on [actions](actions.md#about-actions) and the [Nimbella Command Line Tool Guide](https://nimbella.io/downloads/nim/nim.html#project-directory-structure)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An action is a piece of functional code that runs in the Nimbella cloud. Actions can be written in various source languages: JavaScript, Python, PHP, and so on. For details about actions, see the document on [actions](actions.md#about-actions) and the [Nimbella Command Line Tool Guide](https://nimbella.io/downloads/nim/nim.html#project-directory-structure)
```
